What nonsense are you talking about?
Why do you always trouble him?
Is it fun to have a good seder and make it smoky?
Second sister
You don't know why we have seder dinners.
It's specially held for the old man
I just want to take this opportunity to make grandpa happy
But what did you do?
Brought something in
Does it disgust us?
You still question my identity, don't you?
Humph
That being the case
Then I have nothing to say
Is everything ready? Bring it here
Zhou Xiao, what are you preparing?
I'm going to bring those antiques here
But preparation takes some time
So I asked Jiu Ge to collect it first
Then I'll come by myself first
Just you and the antiques.
That's bragging.